Fix number of samples used in `bootstrapped_dist_fit()` (#751)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

- The interface for defining delay distributions has been generalised to also cater for continuous distributions
- When defining probability distributions these can now be truncated using the `tolerance` argument
- Ornstein-Uhlenbeck and 5 / 2 Matérn kernels have been added. By @sbfnk in # and reviewed by @.

> - Fixed the number of samples drawn per bootstrap in `bootstrapped_dist_fit()` in #751 by @jamesmbaazam and reviewed by @<REVIEWER>.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed the number of samples drawn per bootstrap in `bootstrapped_dist_fit()` in #751 by @jamesmbaazam and reviewed by @seabbs.
```

- Optimised convolution code to take into account the relative length of the vectors being convolved. See #745 by @seabbs and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.
- Switch to broadcasting the day of the week effect. By @seabbs in #746 and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.
- A warning is now thrown if nonparametric PMFs passed to delay options have consecutive tail values that are below a certain low threshold as these lead to loss in speed with little gain in accuracy. By @jamesmbaazam in #752 and reviewed by @seabbs.

> - Fixed the number of samples drawn per bootstrap in `bootstrapped_dist_fit()` in #751 by @jamesmbaazam and reviewed by @seabbs.

Author: ```suggestion
- `dist_fit()` can now accept any number of `samples` without throwing a warning when `samples` < 1000 in #751 by @jamesmbaazam and reviewed by @seabbs and @sbfnk.
```
